sensnum. 277

ol Aldrioh's text will in most instances enable the reader
to compare and olassily Aristotle’s examples for himself.
lndeed, Aristotle himself confessos that the arrangement
is in some degree arbitrary, and that the same Fallacy
will admit of being classed under different heads.

As regards Material Fallaoies of conception and J udg·
ment,I have conteuted mysell with indicating, in the most
general way, the sources of Obscurity and Indistinctness
in Concepts, aud os Falsity iu Judgments. Α conceptis
obscure, when it cannot he distinguished as a whole from
certain others: it is indistinct, when its several com·
ponent parts cannot be distinguished from each other‘.
The obscurity or indistinetness of s concept may ob·
riously arise, either lrom occidental circumstances, such
as the want of a sufficient obseruation ol the object on
the part οἱ this or that indiuidual thinlrer, or from
circumstances essentiel to the concept itsclf, such as the
want of those conditions which experience shews us ιο
he indispensable ιο all elesr or distinct thinking. Under
this head may he classed the euticus, so familiar to all
students ol Legio, ol summurn gener and infima species.
Both of these terms represent limitato which we may
indefinitely approximate in thought, but which we never
actually attain. Neither os them can be regarded as
logically inconceivable; for, under different conditione
of the matter ul our thought, both might be practioally
apprehended. But, in actual thinking‚itbeocmes manifest
that our several concepte present in all cases such an
affinity or homogeneity one with another, that it is irn-
possible, on the one hand, to lix on two cognate genera
ulrich possess no common clement to form a higher
gen11s‚(nntil we arrivs at abstractione too empty to be

⁶ This (listinclion is due lo Leibniiz. See his Medtlnlt'ones de Orphitiano,
Veritote et lusu. Opere, ed. Erdmann, p. 79.

 

