enarres. vii

that of Aristotle is far too abrupt to be beneficia]
to the Student. Occasionally indeed he may
recognise an old friend in a new dress3 but the
difference of language, order, -and manner of
treatment will conceal from the unpractised eye
most of the passages in which his Latin successore
have attempted any thing more than a bare
translation of the words of the Stagirite.

In this respect, it is hoped that the numerous
references to, and quotations from, the Organon,
which will be found in the following peges, will
contribute iu some degree towardsamost important
object-the clear discrimination between those
portions of the system which belong to the original
work of Aristode, and tbose for which we are
indebted to subsequent Logicians. For a like rea-
son, in my references to the latter, Ι have ocea-
sionally endeavoured to fumish some information
as to the author and the period of tbe innovation.
Nothing is more strongly to be reprehended than the
slovenly practice of referring in general terms to
the Logic of the Schoolmen; as if every individual
of that body had written a distinct treatise on the
subject, or as if those who have were a rece of
harmonicus commentatore, whose labours exhibit a
supernatural uniformity, such as tradition narratas
of the translatorsof the Septuagint. What would

be thought of a reference in general terms to the
doctrine of the Greek Philosopherst Yet Aristotle
scarcely· departed more widely from Plato, than

ba

 

